---
title: UNIEL - Vatista Notes
layout: post
date: 2014-08-03
---

Author: Westley Mojica (@glidesu)
Created: 2014-07-31

Table of Contents

    I. Neutral
        a. Overview
        b. GRD Control
        c. Case Study

    II. Combo
        a. Combo Theory
        b. Midscreen
        c. Near Corner
        d. Corner 
        e. Sideswap

    III. Matchup Study
        [ELTNUM] - 1 video
        [GORDEAU] - 1 video

I. Neutral
----------

    a. Overview

        Fragmentum is a really strong tool to have in neutral. If you can get
        these out safely, they will threaten just by occupying areas near 
        your attack ranges. Use Vatista's lasers, balls, and normals to 
        bring out Fragmentum safely.

        Blockstrings:

            * 3C > cr.Fragmentum

                1. j.[9]A > j.A (detonate) > B Drill

                    This blockstring sets up a high/low mix-up. The second j.A
                    comes out when you are falling from the jump. Confirm 
                    that j.A is blocked then cancel it into B Drill to 
                    create a fuzzy guard.

                    Note that there is a gap between j.A and the B Drill. 
                    EX Reversal moves can get out of this setup as well as 
                    a well-timed backstep.

                    Another way for the opponent to get out of this setup 
                    is to Shield the falling j.A. In doing so, Vatista will 
                    be unable to cancel into B Drill.



    b. GRD Control:

         Crouching Fragmentum Set > Concentrate

         Observed from an Atepo match versus Hyde. Establish that you are 
         willing to detonate Fragmentum in neutral to cover the space in 
         front of you. Then, if you set a Crouching Fragmentum you can 
         stay behind it from 5A distance and use this time to Concentrate 
         and build GRD.

    c. Case Study

        These are situations in matches that can be optimized.

        vs Hyde -> Black Orbiter:
    
            Example Video
                PLAYER: Atepo 
                https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwcwFZVRqno#t=314

        vs Gordeau -> Match Start Grim Reaper:

            No meter: Block and punish.
            Full Meter: Veil Off to start round with Gordeau in GRD Break.

II. Combo
---------

    Random B Drill starter:

        wallbounce > 66C > 5A > jc9 > j.A > j.B > j.C > land > j.A > j.B
        > A Drill > ...

    [A] Drill Ender (hold forward):

        ... from [A] Drill > [3][C] > crouch Fragmentum A > [3]A 
        > A Laser > crouch Fragmentum C > [2]B > C Flip

    2C + 100 meter:

        2C > 5C > jc[9] > j.A > j.B > [A] Drill > [3][C] > 
        crouch Fragmentum A > [3]A > A Laser (detonate) > 
        crouch Fragmentum C > [2]B > C Flip [43 hits, 4083 dmg]

    Corner j.C:

         j.C > 2C > 5C > jc[9] > j.A > j.[B] > j.]8[2A > 2[C] > 2]B[ > 2A > 2B 
         > 2]C[ > delay j.B (detonate) okizeme

    Hyde Craver Punish:

        2C High Counter > 5C > jc[9] > j.A > j.B > j.]8[2[A] > 2[C] > 
        5B > 5]A[> 5A > 5B > 2]C[ > VO (detonate) > j.[9]C > j.FF > 
        j.]8[2C > IW okizeme (dash crouch Fragmentum)

III. Matchup Study
------------------

    [ELTNUM]

        03/16/2014: atepo(VA) vs. Eltnum 
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73EDkXrc6lQ#t=13

        Start:

            - EL can start the match off with gun shot. This will beat out 
            all of your options unless you have meter for EX H. Laser ([6]4C).

            - If you got shot, neutral tech and hold up-back to charge for 
            Ball and use j.C to establish your space.

    [GORDEAU]

        04/20/2014: ちょるどー(GO) vs. atepo(VA)
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNmu5WtTjMM#t=1160

        Start:

            - VA should guard or jump back A Ball.

        VA back against corner:

            - VA will have to guard.

            - GO will stay in his 5C reaper range. Note that his 5C can be IC.

            - GO can do 5C from afar and chain into 5A whiff to 
            continue pressure.

            - If GO tries to reposition himself by moving closer, VA 
            can react by jumping back and attempt to fly out of the corner. 

            - VA can jump back > flip-flop > A Ball > IAD > falling j.C