---
title: First to 5 (ft5) 
layout: post
date: 2014-06-27
---

EVO 2014 is almost here. All of the preparation I have been doing will be
put to the test in a couple of weeks. Therefore, it is necessary to change 
what I am practicing in the days leading up to EVO.

I think the best thing I can do for myself is to focus on sustained
quality of play. Being able play at your 100% best is
ideal but very rarely is this the case (for myself at least). In tournament
play your nerves will be a factor. It's up to the player on how to deal
with it. 

To help simulate this I am hosting a ft5 room every day to deliberately
practice my mental game when playing a set. In every tournament bracket
you will get at least 2 games. Best of 3 games advances. Something I
am working on is learning how to adapt to my opponent more quickly.
The first game or even the first round played should be enough to 
scout your opponent's habits, their playstyle, and more importantly,
test how familiar they are with the match-up you are giving them.

June 26 - FT5 vs. Noel
----------------------

The first ft5 set was against a pink square Noel. I thought I knew this
match-up but I was proven wrong! I went 1 - 5 against the Noel player. 
In the 1 game I took from the set, it was the only time I outplayed
my opponent in a convincing manner. After that, I lost trying to apply
the same plan that got me the first game.

Lesson from this set:
> To hope that one plan can win it all is akin to blunting the lead of
> your pencil. Keep your pencil sharp and erase the stray marks. 
