# XrdR v1.03
# Dizzy

## Midscreen

... 2D > 236S > RC > IAD j.236K~2 > j.H (K Bubble Hits) |> 421H > 6[H] > ...

CH 2S > ... > 6P > 6[H] > ...

## Offense

Lots of mixup options in the corner after K Fish knockdown:
5S jc j.236P > j.K or IAD j.K or 2K or throw

air-to-air you can use j.P x N 


### vs. JACK-O

#### Dizzy's Advantages:
	1. Spaced projectiles can interrupt Jack-O setting up.
	2. Bubbles, Fish, and zoning tools also take care of destroying Houses.
	3. Strong corner pressure -- usually a winning round if Dizzy finds Jack-O in this position.

#### Jack-O's Advantages:
	1. Her ranged normals easily beat out Dizzy ground-to-ground and ground-to-air thanks to f.S
	2. House setups can easily overwhelm Dizzy who lacks a meterless Reversal.
	3. Superior pressure once she is fully setup + gains meter.

#### Dizzy's Strategy vs. Jack-O

So, looking at the advantages Dizzy has against Jack-O, it would make sense to disrupt Jack-O as the overall
gameplan. If you hit Jack-O, any Goons on screen will disappear. Destroying Houses also removes Jack-O's passive
meter gain (important!).

So, to do this you will want to space yourself at Ice Spike range to discourage Jack-O from setting up or sniping.
The counter to this is for Jack-O to use 3H (slide move, hits low). If you are able to block 3H at a close distance, 
you can punish with sweep to gain a knockdown. 

Play around this game and slowly make your way to the corner. 
If you can, save meter so that you can use Imperial Ray to destroy Houses + force a corner push.

Once you have Jack-O in the corner, run your setplay + safe jumps + Dizzy pressure and you should be able to win.

How to burst in this match-up? I'd say, keep it as a way to either keep Jack-O in the corner, or as a way for Dizzy to
get out of corner. There isn't really much advantage to bursting unless it knocks Jack-O down and clears the screen of
any Goons. The important thing is to corner push.


